README.md, before:

# ezpylogger
Yet another key logger written in python.
This one's kinda good though.

## Installation
You can download the script as an executable file, compiled with pyinstaller, so that it can be executed on any windows machine without having python installed.

If you want to compile it yourself, you can just install the dependencies with pip and then compile it with pyinstaller.

```bash
pyinstaller -F ezpylogger.py
```

## Usage
After being executed, this script will log all the keys pressed by the user (and also mouse clicks depending on your preference) and store them in a text file located in the working directory (oftentimes the directory where the script is located).

You can stop the script by pressing the "F12" key by default, or by killing its process (duh).

The script includes really good customization options as constants, you might wanna check them out.

## Disclaimer
This script is for educational purposes only. I am not responsible for any damage caused by this script. Please use it responsibly.

Commit message:

v1.4.0
-added screenshot logging, with options
-made code more concise

README.md, after:

# ezpylogger
Highly customizable and yet very simple key logger written in python.

Can log key presses, log mouse clicks and take screenshots.

## Installation
You can download the script as an executable file, compiled with pyinstaller, so that it can also be executed on machines that don't have python installed.

If you want to compile it yourself, you can just install the dependencies with pip and then compile it using pyinstaller.

```bash
pyinstaller -F ezpylogger.py
```

## Usage
Remember that the script includes really good customization options in the code, you might wanna check them out depending on your use case.

In general, after being executed, this script will seamlessy log user actions and store them either in a folder or next to the script (see: default options)

You can stop the script by pressing the "F12" key by default, or by killing its process (duh).


## Disclaimer
This script is for educational purposes only. I am not responsible for any damage caused by this script. Please use it responsibly.
